[doc] Add the next steps to the user documentation (#384)
kubernetes-sigs/kwok: site/content/en/docs/user/getting-started.md

- `kwokctl` - cluster creation, etcd snapshot, etc.
    - [`kwokctl` Manages Clusters]({{< relref "/docs/user/kwokctl-manage-cluster" >}}) - Create/Delete a cluster where all nodes are managed by `kwok`
    - [`kwokctl` Snapshots Cluster]({{< relref "/docs/user/kwokctl-snapshot" >}}) - Save/Restore the Etcd data of a cluster created by `kwokctl`

> - [All in One Image]({{< relref "/docs/user/all-in-one-image" >}}) - For easy use to create a cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [All in One Image]({{< relref "/docs/user/all-in-one-image" >}}) - Easily create a cluster with an all-in-one image
```
